Turtle RentACar
1. Main Menu Navigation
Objective: Test navigation through the main menu options.

Test #1	Input: "1" (Admin panel), Expected Output: Navigates to the admin panel and shows other options to choice.
Test #2	Input: "2" (Client panel), Expected Output: Navigates to the client panel and shows other options to choice.
Test #3	Input: "3" (Exit), Expected Output: Exits the application.

2.1 Admin Panel -  Add Car
Objective: Test adding a new car to the system.

Test #1	Input: Option "1" in the admin panel. Expected Output: Prompt the user to enter new car ID.
Test#1.1	Input: Adding new car ID. Expected Output: Prompt the user to enter brand.
Test#1.2	Input: Adding brand. Expected Output: Prompt the user to enter model.
Test#1.3	Input: Adding model. Expected Output: Prompt the user to enter price per day.
Test#1.4	Input: Adding price per day. Expected Output: Prompt the user if wishing to save car’s data Y/N.
Test#1.4.1	Input: Option "Y". Expected Output: Prompt the user to choice if need to be added new car Y/N.
Test#1.4.1	Input: Option "Y". Expected Output: All steps from 1.1 to 1.4 need to be repeated.
Test#1.4.2	Input: Option "N" when the user is prompt to choice if need to add new car. Expected Output: Prompt the user to choice if need to be added new car Y/N.
Test#1.4.3	Input: Option "N". Expected Output: Returning to Admin Panel.

2.2	Admin Panel - Change Car Details
#	Objective: Test changing details of an existing car.	Successfully / Failed

Test#1	Input: Option "2" in the admin panel, followed by a valid car ID and change option.
Expected Output: Prompt the user to choice car ID which need to be change.	Successfully
Test#2	Input: Option "2" in the admin panel, followed by an invalid car ID.
Expected Output: Displays an error message indicating that the car ID is invalid.	Failed
Test#2.1	Input: Option "2-1" in the admin panel. Expected Output: Prompt the user to enter new price.	Successfully
Test#2.2.	Input: Adding new price. Expected Output: Message asking if the user is sure to change details. Y/N	Successfully
Test#2.3	Input: Y or N. Expected Output: The same for both inputs -> coming back to main menu	Successfully
Test#3	Input: Option "2-2" in the admin panel. Expected Output: Asks the user if is sure to scrap the car. Y/N	Successfully

2.3.	Admin Panel - Remove a Car
#	Objective: Test the functionality for removing a car.	Successfully / Failed

Test#1	Input: Option "3" in the admin panel, followed by a valid car ID.
Expected Output: Asks the user if is sure remove the car. Y/N	Successfully
Test#1.1	Input: Option "3" in the admin panel, followed by an invalid car ID.
Expected Output: Displays an error message indicating that the car ID is invalid.	Failed

2.4.	Admin Panel - Exit
#	Objective: Test the exit functionality of the admin panel.	Successfully / Failed

Test#1	Input: Option "4" in the admin panel.
Expected Output: Exits the admin panel and returns to the main menu.	Successfully

3.	Client Panel

Test#1	Input: Option "2" in the client panel.
Expected Output:  Displays menu with option to view all cars, rent a car, return a car or exit.

3.1	Client Panel - View Cars

#	Objective: Test the functionality of viewing available cars.	Successfully / Failed
Test#1	Input: Option "1" in the client panel. Expected Output: Prompt the use to enter ID or to displaying a list with all cars.	Successfully
Test#1.1	Input: Option "1" in the client panel, followed by an invalid car ID.
Expected Output: Displays an error message indicating that the car ID is invalid.	Failed

3.2	Client Panel - Rent a Car

#	Objective: Test the renting functionality.	Successfully / Failed
Test#1	Input: Option "2" in the client panel. Expected Output: Asks the user for ID of the car wanted .	Successfully
Test#1.1	Input: Option "1" in the client panel, followed by an invalid car ID.
Expected Output: Displays an error message indicating that the car ID is invalid.	Failed
Test#1.2	Input: Option "1" in the client panel, followed by a car ID which is rented
Expected Output: Displays an error message indicating that the car ID is rented.	Successfully
Test#1.3	Input: Option "1" in the client panel, followed by a valid car ID.
Expected Output: Prompt the user to enter his ID, followed by how many days the car is required, followed by if the user would like to make insurance for the car, if the car will go aboard, what kind of driving license the user have Y/N, entering the amount of advance payment, followed by displaying rent amount, deposit, total amount to pay. 	Successfully

3.3	Client Panel - Return a Car

#	Objective: Test the car return functionality.	Successfully / Failed
Test#1	Input: Option "3" in the client panel, followed by a valid car ID.
Expected Output: To ask the user if the car will be returned to the same location, if the tank is full, if there is any damage Y/N	Successfully
Test#1.1	Input: Option "1" in the client panel, followed by an invalid car ID.
Expected Output: Displays an error message indicating that the car ID is invalid.	Failed
Test#1.2	Input: Option "1" in the client panel, followed by a car ID which is rented
Expected Output: Displays an error message indicating that the car ID is rented.	Successfully
Test#1.3	Input: Option "1" in the client panel, followed by a valid car ID.
Expected Output: Prompt the user to enter his ID, followed by how many days the car is required, followed by if the user would like to make insurance for the car, if the car will go aboard, what kind of driving license the user have Y/N, entering the amount of advance payment, followed by displaying rent amount, deposit, total amount to pay. 	Successfully

3.4	Client Panel - Exit

#	Objective: Test the exit functionality of the client panel.	Successfully / Failed
Test#1	Input: Option "4" in the client panel.
Expected Output: Exits the client panel and returns to the main menu.	Successfully

4.	Exit Application

#	Objective: Test the application exit functionality.	Successfully / Failed
Test#1	Input: Option "3" in the main menu.
Expected Output: Exits the application and return message greeting the user.	Successfully


